# Book_Recomendation_System

Abstract— In recent years, as the amount of information available on the internet is growing quickly people need certain tools in order to find and obtain the correct information. To acquire the information without having to look through all the goods or products, we need something called a recommendation system. The development of computing has made it possible to provide users with personalised recommendation lists based on their activities. In comparison to travelling to a store and making their own purchases, internet recommendations give a simpler and faster way to make purchases, and online transactions are quite quick. By offering products that consumers can use right away, this recommendation system makes their lives easier. The top items are usually recommended to customers using a recommendation system. Nowadays, online book selling websites compete with one another in a variety of ways. In this study, we propose a book recommendation system that allows both habitual and infrequent readers to easily obtain results that reflect their interests using their own content of interest as queries. The book recommendation system must suggest books that are of interest to the buyer. A simple and user-friendly book recommendation system that assists readers in selecting the best book to read next. Furthermore, Our discussion is based on the book recommendation system (BRS), which uses content based filtering (CBF), Popularity based filtering, Recommendation using Average weighted Rating and K-Nearest Neighbour algorithm.
